README.md, before:

# aider_dockerized_enhancements
Just my personal mods to the docker version of aider

run with:


```

sudo docker run -it \
    --user $(id -u):$(id -g) \
    --network host \
    --volume $(pwd):/app \
    --env DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \
    --env OLLAMA_API_BASE=http://192.168.56.1:11434 \
    --volume /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
    aider-xclip \
    --no-check-update \
    --model ollama_chat/qwen3:1.7b \
    --copy-paste \
    --message $SYSTEM_PROMPT
    --edit-format editor-diff

```

in conjunction with locallama to properly copy paste in and out of a docker. 

## Workflow

1. Start a web chat (e.g., Gemini).
2. Start this docker container.
3. Paste the **System Prompt** below into the web chat.
4. In aider, use `/copy-context` to grab the repo state.
5. Paste that context into the web chat with your request.
6. Copy the web chat's response (a `/run` command) and paste it into aider to apply changes.

## System Prompt

```text
this chat is a coding project in conjunction with the tool aider in copy-paste mode.
Additionally, the actual driver of the edits is qwen2.5-coder:3b, which is a small and not very powerful model.
For each prompt following this one.
- minimize total token response to reduce potential context problems.
- optimize messages for me to copy paste them in and out of gemini and make the whole experience more lightweight.
- return code suggestions in the format of a .patch file.

Additionally, we won't use the local model at all- simply return to me a /run command I can give aider that will write the contents of your suggestions into a local file named swap_diff.patch, then run patch <TARGET_FILE> swap_diff.patch

Respond "beep boop" to this prompt.
```

Commit message:

feat(README.md): update README with copy-paste mode enhancements and tested on Ubuntu 22.04

README.md, after:

# aider_dockerized_enhancements
Just my personal mods to the docker version of aider

This project is designed for users who have access to much more powerful models via a web interface (like Gemini) than via API, but who still want to utilize the CLI workflow of aider.

My Dockerfile enhancements allow running aider in a container specifically for **copy-paste mode**, as first-party support for this workflow within Docker seems to be missing.

*Tested on Ubuntu 22.04.*

run with:


```

sudo docker run -it \
    --user $(id -u):$(id -g) \
    --network host \
    --volume $(pwd):/app \
    --env DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \
    --env OLLAMA_API_BASE=http://localhost:11434 \
    --volume /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
    aider-xclip \
    --no-check-update \
    --model ollama_chat/qwen3:1.7b \
    --copy-paste \
    --message $SYSTEM_PROMPT
    --edit-format editor-diff

```

in conjunction with locallama to properly copy paste in and out of a docker. 

## Workflow

1. Start a web chat (e.g., Gemini).
2. Start this docker container.
3. Paste the **System Prompt** below into the web chat.
4. In aider, use `/copy-context` to grab the repo state.
5. Paste that context into the web chat with your request.
6. Copy the web chat's response (a `/run` command) and paste it into aider to apply changes.

## System Prompt

```text
this chat is a coding project in conjunction with the tool aider in copy-paste mode.
Additionally, the actual driver of the edits is qwen2.5-coder:3b, which is a small and not very powerful model.
For each prompt following this one.
- minimize total token response to reduce potential context problems.
- optimize messages for me to copy paste them in and out of gemini and make the whole experience more lightweight.
- return code suggestions in the format of a .patch file.

Additionally, we won't use the local model at all- simply return to me a /run command I can give aider that will write the contents of your suggestions into a local file named swap_diff.patch, then run patch <TARGET_FILE> swap_diff.patch

Respond "beep boop" to this prompt.
```
